http://forums.yuplaygod.com/attachments/screenshot_2015-05-06-22-41-26-png.31991/


Making Fun Through Time Pass After Providing Worst Poor Unsatisfactory Third Class Service


Did you think/feel that Yu is Making Fun Through Time Pass After Providing Worst Poor service?


1)Registered a problem on 31/07/2015 through email.

2) Yu team replied on 01/08/2015 and provided a Reference Ticket ID: 1161606

3) There after they informed me to follow certain process for troubleshooting which includes formatting the device so many times, downloading certain data files having size in 200 mb and nearer to that for several times, using mobile without memory card for several days, using mobile in safe mode for several days where only basic service can be availed like call receiving and call dialing only, etc, etc.

4) After almost 6 year they have generated a way bill no. for replacing the same

5) After 3-4 days of confirming to replace, they said that visit your nearest service center and name address of service center have been provided (I was not aware about service center since last 6 month from where I am facing problem)

To inform me to visit service center after 6 months and even after generating way bill no. by confirming to return means they are doing time pass and making fun out of these.

6) even after visiting one of the service centre, they replied that they have stopped services for the co and co. has not updated their details.

Now what this can be said better then making fun through time pass after experiencing these much worst, poor, unsatisfactory, third class services.

On the other hand I think that to raise money for purchasing a very luxurious/ costly items like ring, car, etc,
One has tried to raise maximum money by making sales of mobile made by cheap material so that excess money out of sales can be gained more in terms of percentage and the same can be used for above said purposes.

This is some one's frustration coming out after 6 months and the same thread will now be posted under every category to make aware all the stake holders and for your information the same has already been informed to the Bankers of M/s Yu Televentures Pvt Ltd (Australia and Newzealand Group Bank, RBL Bank, J P Morgan Chess Bank, etc) for taking certain precaution to safe guard their assets (any loan given by a Bank is assets for them) as this issue will be exposed in a big way and even legal way may be taken by knocking doors of consumer court and other court where I may think appropriate and even social networking too.

If anybody sincerely want to complain then you may tell the bankers of Yu Televentures Pvt Ltd whose email ids are as under:
yourfeedback@anz.com

customeradvocate@anz.com

ClientServices-India@anz.com

Nodal.Officer@anz.com

anz-india@anz.com

ganeshkumar.c.shetty@jpmorgan.com

gcb_cpd_india@jpmorgan.com

customerservice.india@jpmorgan.com

customercare@rblbank.com

baljeetantil@gmail.com

director@core.nic.in,

director.coreccc@gmail.com

ncdrc@nic.in
